Discussion of pseudo-inputs, inducing points, and knots

TL;DR: They are all the same.

Since we start from the perpsective that these are all the same, 
we will use the term *knot* for brevity.
A summary of this discussion is available in 
[these slides](../notes/knot_gp_slides.Rnw).

# Knots

In Gaussian Process (GP) model estimation,
knots are introduced to provide conditional independence of the function value
at any two locations given the set of knots. 
This assumption eases computational burden because inverses need to be computed
only on K x K matrices, where K is the number of knots, rather than on the 
N x N matrices, where N is the number of observations, that the full GP would
require.



# Subset of Regressors 

The subset of regressors (SoR) approach assumes that the joint distribution of the 
function values at any set of locations conditional on the function value at the
knots has a mean that matches the mean from the full GP, 
but a covariance matrix that is all zeros.
This results in a predictive distribution at new locations that has variances
and covariances that do not match those of the full GP.

The Projected Process Approximation (PPA) and Deterministic Training Conditional
(DTC) fix this so that the variances and covariances do match.

The SoR, PPA, and DTC approaches all have training variances that are not 
equivalent to the full GP. 

# Fully Independent Training

The fully independent training (FIT) approach assumes that the joint 
distribution of the 
function values at any set of locations conditional on the function value at the
knots has a mean that matches the mean from the full GP, 
but a covariance matrix that is equal to the full GP covariance on the diagonal,
but is zero everywhere else.
This results in a predictive distribution at new locations that has variances
that match the full GP, but variances that do not.

The FIT conditional (FITC) fix this so the covariances also match and ends up
having a conditional distribution for the new function locations conditional on
the knots that is equivalent to the PPA and DTC approachs.

# Example

Nate showed an example where the SoR and FIT approaches provide vastly different
estimation of the function as well as the predictive distribution.